Love Is All
Adviser Tan's Big Crisis?!
Break into Tian Xiang Club for Significant meritorious service!
Episode 02
Sis.
I'm so sleepy.
Sleep after 1 am, Get up before 5 am.
That's boys' study time.
But I'm a girl.
Girls always be late for showering and making up.
Zhuang.
Have we made a fortune?
Pig's feet for breakfast?
It's your first day of being adviser.
So I wish you all the best.
Thanks, guys.
I won't disappoint you
and be a qualified adviser.
Sis. Being a qualified adviser is not your goal.
I've been thinking
for a whole night yesterday.
I think being an adviser will be quite fun.
There was once Mulan joining the army.
There is now Lingyin being an adviser.
I'll let men in the County Office know
what is called “Women are no inferior to men”.
By the way, how's the sales of my prequel?
It's so good.
No book has sold as well as this one.
Readers are asking when will the next one come out.
They said they'll wait till next month or destroy our bookstore.
That's so violent.
Are ritual instructors here yet?
My lord.
We've counted the weapons in the county office.
Most of them disappeared.
Maybe officers take it as their salary
after Mr. Sang left.
How about the money and grain record manual?
It was taken by adviser Tan.
She'll check it first.
She's quite obedient.
Where is she?
Adviser said there's something need to deal with in
in her bookstore,
so she might be in her bookstore now.
But she also said that
she'll be back as soon as the thing is done.
Did you tell her that
I've been away on business all morning?
My lord, I told her.
But she said while the cat away,
the mice will play.
She said I'm a cat?
My lord. Adviser said that
you're the mice.
Come back.
My lord.
Go to Zheng Shaofeng's room.
Take Miaomiaosheng's novel to me.
What about the ritual instructors?
Tell them that I have
something important that I need to go out.
Everyone, take it easy.
Please line up. We still have a lot of it.
Next.
Cut the crap.
I've waited in here since 3 am.
And I haven't bought it now.
We're so sorry.
Sorry.
Our business is so good.
Why you look so worried?
Sis. Today is your first day in the county office.
Now, it's already 7 am.
And you're still here.
Customers almost fight each other in a minute.
How should I leave you alone here?
But I think
you'd better go to the county office first.
Don't worry.
Mr. Tang is not in the office today.
Do you have any left?
See. There's a lot there.
We're almost there.
Fang. What's going on there?
Sis Lingyin.
There's a customer
who bought over 50 books from us today.
All we have left is this stock now.
Why it's sold out again?!
Yeah!
Everyone. We're so sorry.
Today, all books of our bookstore are sold out.
We'll close now.
Later, we'll give a number to each of you.
You can take the number to here tomorrow
and buy it as the order.
How can you do it like that!
Please calm down.
Fang. Prepare a bookmark
signed by Miaomiaosheng for everyone as a compensation.
Please forgive us. Thank you, everyone.
Have a look here.
Miaomiaosheng's novel, 50 wen each.
50 wen?!
50 wen each.
Really?!
Have a look. Let's go!
What happened?
What's going on?
Miaomiaosheng's novel, 50 wen each.
Have a look.
Wait for me.
Take it easy.
It's so cheap.
50 wen.
This is charged 100 wen each in the bookstore.
Yeah.
I want one. I want one.
I want one.
That's right. It's for real.
Give it to me.
Go. Go. Go.
Don't worry. There's a lot here.
50 wen. Here you are.
Adviser Tan. Why you're here?
Seriously? Mr. Tang?
Why you don't do business in the county office,
and mess up my business here?
I'm just on board recently.
I need to sell all of these stuffs
so that I have to money to pay the salary.
Yes.
It's okay if you don't work.
But you even hang around with your officers here?
Li Dawang, I'm disappointed with you.
I…
My lord. I…
I'm hanging around here?
Why you're here instead of working in the county office?
It's already the afternoon.
If you still not finished checking the household registration,
when your probation period ends,
at that time,
don't say that I didn't give you the chance.
Sis, don't go the county office then.
No way! Give the water bottle to me.
If I won't visit 100 families today,
I will write my name backwards!
Are you still selling it?
Go on.
Okay. Go on!
Give me 2.
Come on.
Look.
This is the profit of our bookstore this month.
It's much higher than the salary of the county office.
It is pretty good.
Thanks to this book.
If we can't come out the next one,
we won't earn as much as this.
But you made up story
in front of Mr. Tang.
How long will you hide from him
about your Miaomiaosheng's identity?
Relax.
He seems like quite stupid.
I'm a such clever girl. I can definitely handle it.
Anyway. I'll continue to stay in the county office.
I need to experience it
and be responsible for my readers.
My lord! My lord!
Bad news!
My lord! Adviser is murdered!
This room is so messed up.
And there were obvious signs of fighting.
An empty pouch is next to the body.
It shows that it's burglary.
This knife has not been sharpened.
How to explain the blood on it?
The blood is still warm.
Why it has
a light smell of peony?
Qian Five.
It means No. 5 of lines in the Qian Hexagram.
Fly in the sky to see the man of high prestige.
So the murder is Tang Feilong!
Okay. This body.
Oh. No.
The fool who pretended to be a dead.
You can get up now.
Fake one is fake.
It's easy to be found out.
It has nothing to do with that.
You're pretending to be dead.
But you can't even hold your breath.
Your breast is up and down.
The files are almost blowed away by you.
Lothario!
The county office is not a place for fun.
What do you want?
I just want to test your ability of detection.
How's it?
Well, it's me here.
If it's the girl you loved,
you'll pass out at once,
and no time for you to observe the breast.
Will the girl I loved
be such stupid?
People with different personalities
are more attracted to each other.
Is it so excited?
In Tongling,
there hasn't been a single murder in decades.
If you came here for excitement,
you will be disappointed.
There's one day left for your probation.
Have you finished 300 families' visiting?
My lord.
I just…I…I…
I just take a break now.
I'll go this afternoon.
Xiao Liu, let's go.
Looks like Tang Feilong is good at
analyzing the case.
Adviser.
I can add that part into my next novel.
Adviser?
Look.
Mr. Tang
is not someone who you can easily get along with, right?
You're a girl.
Why you hang around with men here
all the time?
You must don't know that
in our county office,
we don't even have the place to poo poo.
What?
Toliet.
Build one. It's not a big deal.
That does make sense. Wait, adviser.
What happened?
They are so poor.
Mrs. Bai's husband
was very sick since last month.
To save her husband,
she borrowed a lot of money.
Yesterday,
her husband just died,
and the dunner is here now.
How will she live after that?
Yeah.
She will raise her child by herself.
The dunner even tried to rob her daughter
as the pay back of the debt.
They've gone too far!
It's really unfair.
Adviser.
Such dirty business.
We'd better not be involved into it.
I'll definitely handle it today.
Miss.
Don't hurt yourself.
Miss. Don't stop us.
My daughter would rather to die
instead of being a whore in Tian Xiang Club.
Tian Xiang Club?
Is it the most famous restaurant in Tongling?
You are?
I'm the new adviser of Tongling County.
Tan Lingyin.
To save my father, my mom
believed the word of Tian Xiang Club's staffs,
and borrowed 5 tael from Tian Xiang Club.
Including interest, it's 20 tael in total now.
It has the signed contract,
so there's nothing you can change now.
But Mrs. Bai,
you can earn money and pay back to them.
There's really nothing you can do if you died.
We've already paid back.
We're not deadbeats.
You might not know that
we've already paid it off for the 20 tael.
But the stamp on the receipt
suddenly disappeared.
So they didn't admit it and said we didn't pay it off.
Can I see your receipt?
There is no stamp on it.
Did you make any mistake?
That's impossible.
Every penny we have
is saved by us.
It's 20 tael!
It can buy 2 houses and 5 mu of land.
How can we make a mistake?
See?
They said I didn't pay off the debt yesterday.
And they wanna take my daughter from me today.
This is so weird.
If they want to get the money back,
they should come to your home,
and take valuables first.
Oh. I see. It must be a trap.
Their target is you.
Hey bitch. Have you decided yet?
Let us wait for so long.
I'll freshen up and come right away.
See? We can surely get her.
Right?
We need to leave someone here to watch.
Yeah.
I've already said goodbye to my mom.
We can leave now.
You're quite obedient. Let's go.
They really took her?!
Go. Go.
I'm going to destroy the hideout of the bad guys!
My lord!
There's an invitation from Tian Xiang Club's staff.
Zhang Zhiyuan
is the boss of Tian Xiang Club?
Yes, my lord. Tian Xiang Club
is the biggest restaurant in Tongling.
Is that a restaurant or a brothel?
I've checked the file.
There're over 10 cases about
bullying and usury.
As long as it's handled by Sang Jie
about Tian Xiang Club, there's no result at the end.
You've been followed Sang Jie for years.
You should know that clearly than me.
My lord.
I'm just an officer.
I'm just a little potato in here. I'm not dare to say anything.
Please forgive me, my lord.
Last county magistrate was just on board within 3 months,
and he took 1,200 tael from Tian Xiang Club.
What a cash cow!
My lord, will you still go?
Of course.
Such a great thing. Why shouldn't I?
My lord.
Tian Xiang Club
Have you sent the invitation letter
to our new county magistrate?
Yes. He agreed to meet you here soon.
When Mr. Sang was here,
our business was not bad.
But we barely know about
the new county magistrate...
It's said that this magistrate
is a bit hard to handle.
When he was just on board,
he sorted out all the internal affairs in the County Office.
And he even took a careful check
over the relief fund in three years.
I'm afraid he's not easy to cope with.
No matter he's easy or not,
he has no choice but accept my proposal.
Cause it's beneficial.
Wait.
Who is she?
The girl from family Bai, just arrived here today.
Yun Er.
Take... take her to my room, now!
Yes.
It's surely a good place to hide beauties.
When I find the evidence
and show the truth,
that's the time I build up my career.
What's this? Ink paste?
What are you doing?
You're really lucky.
You just came here
and got the chance to serve upper class people.
You'd better remember that
Mr. Zhang always stutter when seeing beauty.
Don't say anything offensive in front of him.
Otherwise, you'll be punished.
Chun Hua, Qiu Yue, get her changed.
Wait.
Mama, I will dress myself neatly
and serve Mr. Zhang well.
Good girl, from now on
you just follow me.
Let's go.
My lord, my lord!
What's wrong?
Where's lord Tang?
He went to Tian Xiang Club.
Why you're in hurry?
Tian Xiang Club?
Mr. Tang.
How's the dishes today?
Pretty well.
But what about the other business
of Tian Xiang Club?
Well...
Mr. Tang, you're joking.
Tian Xiang Club is just
a little shoestring restaurant.
People come here for snacks and accommodation.
How could there be other businesses?
About the death of the former county magistrate Sang Jie,
I checked his account books.
There are a lot of suspicious things.
Is it because he was unlucky,
or he's not destined to spend his fortune,
and accept your kindness?
My lord.
Well,
I listened to you so intently
when you were talking
that I dropped my glass.
I'm so sorry.
I'll arrange someone
to help you get changed.
Be careful don't catch a cold.
All leave. Quickly.
Fine. Fine.
So you're Mr. Zhang, the boss of Tian Xiang Club?
Yes. It's me.
Since you've joined in our Tian Xiang Club,
we are a...a family now.
So, in the future,
we need to share fortunes
and hardship with each other.
Of course, there's no much hardship here.
However,
there's a guest today
got me in trouble.
We've agreed to sign the contract today,
but he suddenly changed his mind,
which makes me in dilemma.
I'll handle it.
What can I do for you?
It's quite easy though.
Just let him take out the stamp he brought
and put on it.
That's all.
Let him join our family.
OK. I got it.
Use this ink paste.
OK.
My lord.
You can get changed now.
Are you done?
Never mind. All bad guys.
You're all the same.
Once I put stamp on, you can't get away with it either.
When I get back to County Office,
each of you will be caught.
Tang Feilong?
Mr. Tang, you're truly a young blood.
Already started?
Mr. Tang, from today,
you've officially joined in our Tian Xiang Club.
The profit sharing remains
as same as the former magistrate.
30% to you, 70% to me. OK?
Why are you here?
Zhang Zhiyuan, you set me up?
Mr. Tang, how could you say it like this?
It's your decision to negotiate with
the leading girl of our Tian Xiang Club.
How can that be setting up?
How can she be the leading girl of Tian Xiang Club?
She's my adviser.
Adviser?
That's even better.
It seems that
from now on,
your adviser got a part-time job here.
Perfect.
So I'm really the leading girl of Tian Xiang Club now?
What an idiot.
My lord, my lord, please help me.
Chizhou District Office
District Magistrate of Chizhou | Song Yinglin
The adopted daughter of Song Yinglin | Zhou Ruyi
Good.
Others can leave.
I've trained you for so many years,
now it's your time to get on stage.
Yesterday I went to Tongling to inquire again,
and got nothing.
This...
The words on the streets don't mean anything.
You need to get into the County Office.
But the position of county magistrate
has been arranged by the capital long before.
Though they've sent the county magistrate here,
the position of magistrate assistant is still available.
I don't understand.
Do you know why I chose you?
You know how to get things done by enduring silently,
and you're better at disguising.
I understand now.
Hya!
Someone coming.
Here.
Be quick.
Judging by the horse, he's quite rich.
Coming.
A girl.
I didn't know this is your place.
Sorry for my imprudence.
This silver is for you
to buy drinks.
Duan Feng | the bandit chief of the Phoenix Village
That's all?
I'm afraid it's not enough.
Let her go.
Get on, miss.
Hey bro, if you want a fight, then we fight,
how could you just take someone and run away?
Such a disgusting bastard like you who makes me wanna killed.
Bring it on.
Boss, hornets.
Get down, everyone.
Get up and fight.
Or I'll leave then.
A bunch of idlers,
how dare you mess with me?
See you.
Tongling County Office
Are you leaving or not?
Just give me a chance.
I've realized my mistake.
I didn't do it on purpose.
No way.
This...
What happened?
He wants to kick me out.
Hurry and  intercede with me.
Shut your mouth.
Our adviser is so bold,
she hasn't been an adviser for two days,
and she becomes the leading girl of Tian Xiang Club,
and even stole my official stamp.
What's more absurd,
I'm now the boss of a brothel!
Profit sharing?
It's all my fault.
Just...
Just give me a chance.
You know it's your fault?
Great.
Get out of here then.
Maybe adviser Tan
has her own reason, right?
Yes, yes. I went to Tian Xiang Club
just to search for evidence.
I really didn't mean to drag you in.
Right? It's an accident.
Yes, yes.
An accident.
My lord, how about just giving her another chance?
Yes, after all,
our adviser is a girl.
even if she doesn't know the rule,
she wouldn't ruin her reputation.
What's more important now,
is to arrest those criminals in Tian Xiang Club,
instead of punishing our own people.
Look at yourself.
You don't have a tender heart for the fair sex.
You're right.
My lord,
please give me a chance.
I'll definitely find the evidence for you.
You three can go now.
Yes.
According to what she said,
Tang, you also went to Tian Xiang Club?
I didn't even start to enjoy...
I didn't even start to investigate,
and she messed up everything.
There's another solution.
The stamp on it is under the name of Tang Feilong.
I know what you mean.
You mean that
I can just cover it up with my true identity as Tang Tianyuan?
No.
We just arrived in Tongling.
And it's not the time to put our cards on the table.
Then what to do?
We haven't do nothing and we failed.
You...
You wanna go back with the identity as a whore master.
I can just arrest him first.
What if he threatens you with the contract?
At least he should know that he mess with the wrong person.
By the way, how is that thing going?
Perfect.
Go to the backyard.
How could the stamp on it just disappear?
It's so strange.
There must be something wrong with it.
His lordship said it's the fragrance of peony.
Yes. The ink paste is not right.
Not this one.
It's this one.
Where are you going?
Go get her.
Help me! Help me!